# Add meeting notes from your regular meetings here
CIS*3750 Group Meeting
<br>Date: Thursday September 25, 2025
<br>Start time: 8:40pm

Meeting Objective: Finish lab 2 data
<br>Follow-ups From Previous Meetings:
<ul>
<li>Currently organizing user stories</li>
<li>Change the meeting notes format so that it’s easier to transfer into GitHub</li>
</ul>
New Items of Discussion:
<ul>
<li>Project Goal and Requirements Assignment is due soon, so we must complete this by Monday’s lab (September 29th)</li>
<li>Paper Prototype Demo and Report should get started by the next online meeting (October 2nd)</li>
<li>Change the meeting notes format so that it’s easier to transfer into GitHub
One that is formatted and another for HTML</li>
<li>Finalized contract and Avi pushed to the repo</li>
<li>Discussed how documentation has to be updated in the repo, as well as the doc file</li>
<li>Ask Avneet about adding the course email to Trello</li>
</ul>

CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>September 29th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 2:30pm
<br>Objectives: Finalize Requirements + Start creating final deliverable

<ul>Intro to Lab (2:30pm - 2:50pm)
<li>Paper prototyping</li>
<ul>
<li>Facilitator: main presenter, encouraging engagement</li>
<li>Human computer: moving parts based on users wishes</li>
<li>Observers: interacting with other groups</li>
</ul>
<li>User stories</li>
</ul>
  
<ul>Working on A1 + Lab 3 (2:50pm - 4:10pm)
<li>Lab Rabbits Inc. → Avneet is making Logo</li>
<li>Team roles were defined and added</li>
<li>Split into working on different components of A1 + Lab</li>
<ul>
<li>Betty + Avi: Part 1</li>
<li>Everyone else: defining goal and ML model</li>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>To do:
<li>Work on L3 → Everyone does 15 MuSCoW each by Wednesday Noon (before online meeting)</li>
<li>Nathan and Avneet will proofread through the requirements on Wednesday</li>
<li>Avneet will make logo</li>
<li>Betty and Avneet will finalize Part 1 + Part 2 of A1</li>
<li>Paper Prototyping will be decided on Thursday meeting + made on Sunday</li>
</ul>

CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 2nd, 2025
<br>Start Time: 9:00am
<br>Objectives: Discuss next steps + Finish requirements

<ul>9:00am - 9:30am
<li>Avneet reviewed requirements excel -> needs more work</li>
<ul>
<li>Red: missing components / could be in a better category</li>
<li>Blue: overlaps</li>
<li>Purple: didn’t understand</li>
<li>Yellow: we can expand on it if we want to put in the assignment</li>
</ul>
<li>Everyone discussed what they did during the week and their next steps</li>
</ul>

<ul>Working on requirements (9:30 - 10:00)
<li>Decided to not implement the “classroom” aspect of the assignment due to time constrains</li>
<ul> 
<li>Single-user only, students complete the quizzes and ML is implemented</li>
</ul>
<li>Reorganizing the requirements</li>
<ul>
<li>Moved “teacher” requirements to could category</li>
<li>Changed some teacher to developer</li>
<li>Removed some unnecessary requirements</li>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>To do:
<li>Meeting in class today to continue working on requirements + start paper prototype</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 2nd, 2025
<br>Start Time: 1:00pm
<br>Objectives: Create paper prototype

<ul>1:00pm - 1:30pm
<li>Decided to do a single-user quiz webapp similar to Mathmatize</li>
<li>Discussed requirements -> changing it to fit into the Mathmatize-like quizzes plan </li>
<li>Betty, Brenden, Justin, Maria, Nathan (?), Avneet (?) creating physical prototype Sunday</li>
</ul>

<ul>Working on prototype (1:30 - 2:20)
<li>Creating paper prototype based on the 5 use cases</li>
<li>Welcome page, sign up page, sign in page, profile details page, favourite subjects page, quizzes page</li>
<ul>
<li>Use case 1: signing up (new account)</li>
<li>Use case 2: setting up profile</li>
<li>Use case 3: quiz selection (finding a quiz and clicking to start it)</li>
<li>Use case 4: Completing a quiz </li>
<li>Use case 5: Logging out</li>
</ul>
<li>Betty, Brenden, Justin, Maria, Nathan (?), Avneet (?) creating physical prototype Sunday</li>
</ul>

<ul>To do:
<li>Nathan, Avneet works on finishing and polishing requirements </li>
<li>Betty, Brenden, Justin, Maria, Nathan (?), Avneet (?) creating physical prototype Sunday</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 7th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 1:15pm
<br>Objectives: Discuss post mortem + everyone’s roles + next steps

<ul>1:15-1:30
<li>Post mortem needs to be done by Thurs 5pm</li>
<ul>
<li>Apoorva and Nathan will work on part 1</li>
<li>Maria and Justin will work on part 2</li>
<li>Brenden -> Avi -> Betty -> Avneet will look over it</li>
<li>Avneet will submit</li>
</ul>
<li>Languages for the assignment</li>
<ul>
<li>Database: MySQL</li>
<li>Backend: Flask, Python</li>
<li>Front end: HTML, CSS</li>
<li>Curriculum: excel spreadsheet turned into CSV file for the ML</li>
</ul>
<li>Meetings (all online)</li>
<ul>
<li>Friday Oct 10: 8:30am</li>
<li>Tuesday Oct 14: 11:00am</li>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>1:30-2:00 (Everyone's roles)
<li>Nathan and Apoorva will work on the wrapper for ML</li>
<li>Brenden, Justin, Avneet will work on databases </li>
<li>Avneet, Nathan, Justin will work on front-end</li>
<li>Betty, Maria, Justin will work on backend</li>
</ul>

<ul>To do:
<li>Everyone researches their tasks and reports back on Friday </li>
<li>Betty will create a mindmap on next steps </li>
<li>Brenden will work on curriculum over the weekend</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 10th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 8:30am
<br>Objectives: Discuss post mortem + next steps

<ul>8:30 - 9:00
<li>Post mortem was discussed</li>
<ul>
<li>Maria finishing it after lab</li>
<li>Avneet submitting it at 3pm</li>
</ul>
<li>Databases thinking about using Neon</li>
<li>Backend using Flask</li>
</ul>

<ul>9:00 - 9:30
<li>How the ML component will work was discussed. Nathan and Apoorva discussed it further on the weekend.</li>
<li>Communication between front-end and back-end was discussed. Passing correct parameters back and forth. To be discussed further at the next meeting.</li>
<li>Usage of Docker was brought up</li>
</ul>

<ul>To do:
<li>Betty will create the file structure</li>
<li>Everyone doing research on their parts and start working</li>
<li>Next meeting: Tuesday 11am</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 14th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 11:00am
<br>Objectives: Discuss wireframe assignment + next steps

<ul>11:00 - 11:15
<li>Everyone mentioned what they accomplished since last meeting</li>
<li>Avi will set up database on the branch</li>
<li>Backend people will use a diagram to show how functions and variables interact with each other</li>
</ul>

<ul>11:15 - 11:30
<li>Decided to create the wireframe with HTML (due in 2 weeks)</li>
<li>Decided to use E-mail vs username</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Focus on wireframe with HTML + some backend</li>
<ul>
<li>Avneet working on the general frames this week</li>
<li>Everyone jumps in next week</li>
</ul>
<li>Backend will decide on email verification</li>
<li>Everyone updates cards on what they’re doing / have done on Trello</li>
<li>Next meeting on Monday lab</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 20th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 2:30pm
<br>Objectives: Discuss prototype + ML aspect

<ul>2:30 - 3:00
<li>Some people working on the prototype (front-end) and others on developing the ML</li>
<li>Aiming for 2 demo walkthroughs</li>
<li>Brenden has 50 questions for grade 6, continuing working on the curriculum for grade 4 and 5</li>
</ul>

<ul>3:00 - 3:30
<li>Discussed concept of ML for the project -> ML will be covered in tomorrow's lecture, so it’ll be more clear then</li>
<li>Changing project to have only one grade (grade 6)</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Avi will parse curriculum questions onto database</li>
<li>Apoorva and Nathan will focus only on ML until the demo</li>
<ul>
<li>Apoorva and Nathan will focus only on ML until the demo</li>
<li>General development path by Wednesday meeting</li>
</ul>
<li>Everyone else will be working on the prototype</li>
<ul>
<li>Some will be working on the HTML/CSS dashboard and quiz pages </li>
<li>Some will be working on the backend</li>
</ul>
<li>Online meeting Wednesday 8:30pm</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 22th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 8:30pm
<br>Objectives: Discuss development plan

<ul>8:30 - 9:30 pm
<li>Basic curriculum is complete</li>
<li>Discussed question answer formats (select, T/F, multi-select)</li>
<ul>
<li>Brenden and Avi will add multi-select to database by Sunday</li>
</ul>
<li>Discussed ML models and how it ties in with the quizzes</li>
<ul>
<li>Chess-based math equation</li>
<li>Apoorva and Nathan will continue deciding on what to do and report back on a later meeting</li>
</ul>
<li>Discussed next steps for everyone</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Brenden and Avi will add multi-select to database by Sunday</li>
<li>Nathan, Apoorva, Brenden working on ML models and algorithm by Sunday</li>
<li>Backend (Betty, Maria) working on dashboard functionality (user profile, progress, etc with queries) by Sunday</li>
<li>Avneet, Justin working on frontend for dashboard this week</li>
<li>Front-end (Avneet, Nathan, Brenden) will work on quiz front-end next week</li>
<li>Backend (Justin, Betty, Maria, Avi, Apoorva) working on quiz functionality next week</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 27th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 2:30pm
<br>Objectives: Discuss progress and merge

<ul>2:30pm
<li>Add elo to units in the database!</li>
<li>Delete some branches/make them inactive</li>
<li>Good on elo rating thing</li>
<li>Get everyone setup on the database</li>
<li>Merge all the branches</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Justin front end i think</li>
<li>Brenden all around helper</li>
<li>Avneet continue on linking on back end and html</li>
<li>Nathan and apoorva continue working on machine learning</li>
</ul>

<ul>Seeting up env:
<li>Pull from github</li>
<li>Make neon account</li>
<li>Ask to be added to the database (email needed)</li>
<li>Make a “.env” file and put it inside the project directory on the same level as the README.md</li>
<li>Put the database URL from the neon database by clicking connect into the the DATABASE_URL variable, make sure to include the password. </li>
<li>Make a venv</li>
<li>Open the venv</li>
<li>Now download all libraries and stuff</li>
<li>Then use python3 run.py to run</li>
</ul>



CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>October 30th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 9:00am
<br>Objectives: Discuss ML and general concerns for the prototype

<ul>9:00 - 9:45 am
<li>Nathan talked about the ML algorithm and the document he sent over</li>
<li>Discussed adding a separate table for ELO and keeping records of each question + answer for each student -> just storing ELO for the prototype</li>
<li>ML code will be stored in lmservices.py</li>
<li>Discussed db backend communication with frontend for the quiz</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Betty and Maria will work on the backend for pulling quiz info and passing to front end</li>
<li>Nathan, Apoorva working on implementing the ML code</li>
<li>Brenden moving to backend</li>
<li>Nathan moving to frontend after ML</li>
<li>Very possible Sunday meeting</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>November 10th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 2:45pm
<br>Objectives: Discuss teacher component and next steps

<ul>2:45 - 2:55 pm
<li>Everyone discussed what they’ve done + their next steps</li>
<li>Discussed what is on the teacher dashboard for front-end development</li>
<ul>
<li>Student list (shows students, button for students stats)</li>
<li>Quizzes (view, create quizzes)</li>
<li>Class stats</li>
</ul>
<li>Discussed adding a new table for classes (teachers can have multiple classes)</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Online Friday meeting at 8pm</li>
<li>Justin setting up basic front-end for teacher dashboard, Avneet stylizing it </li>
</ul>

CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>November 14th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 8:00pm
<br>Objectives: See where everyone’s at + next steps

<ul>8:00 - 8:20pm
<li>Everyone discussed what they’ve done + next steps</li>
<li>Apoorva explained teacher ML component</li>
<ul>
<li>Doing clustering + elo chart</li>
<li>Working on the code tonight</li>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Apoorva working on part of ML component tonight, getting back to Brenden</li>
<li>Justin, Avneet frontend</li>
<li>Maria continuing on user backend</li>
<li>Betty, Avi, Avneet, Brenden continuing on teacher backend</li>
</ul>

CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>November 17th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 2:30pm
<br>Objectives: See where everyone’s at + next steps

<ul>3:30 - 3:30pm
<li>Everyone talked about what they did</li>
<li>Badges scrapped</li>
<ul>
<li>Teacher list for each student instead of badges (Maria)</li>
</ul>
<li>Creating slidedeck for presentation</li>
<li>Merged multiple branches into main</li>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Maria finishing user backend code latest by Tuesday</li>
<li>Teacher HTML pages separated (need to join into one)</li>
<li>Brenden creating presentation</li>
<li>Nathan jumping to HTML</li>
<li>Avneet, Justin finishing up front-end</li>
<li>Avneet finishing up JS on weekend</li>
</ul>


CIS*3750 Meeting Notes
<br>November 20th, 2025
<br>Start Time: 1:15 pm
<br>Objectives: See where everyone’s at + next steps

<ul>1:15 - 1:30 pm
<li>Everyone mentioned what they’ve worked one</li>
<li>Databases and backend implementations are done</li>
<ul>
<li>If there’s any bugs backend will fix them</li>
</ul>
<li>Frontend being developed by Avneet, Justin, Nathan</li>
<li>Presentation slidedecks being worked on by Apoorva</li>
<li>Apoorva will finish the report by Nov 26th. Everyone read through and make sure everything looks okay</li>
<ul>
<li>Everyone has an individual report section</li>
</ul>
</ul>

<ul>Next steps:
<li>Meeting Sunday 5:30pm</li>
<li>Frontend, slidedecks, reports to be worked on</li>
</ul>
